## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-Wjwd1YEG/PYlkLHTWIx+RlPK6XboMN3bEpveERJ8D8Z4RaNE02Ho19ZFrSRPGi0j /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-Q4zTNH8WsDVdSZbiZtzWS1HmAUcvMSdTmth9Uqgfjmx7Qzw6B8E3lC9ieUbE/9u4 /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-Sp8E1Lb9fNhbvqBiogM60TCgpAIwYBi8WbHhIHcXO0bR5Z+9LeYwpDa1gkjzU99W /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-huUb4Ol37G1WrtGV7bn1UArXcJSjD4tQswMGzgpNZYAPxR74MHTqW79z1dXWMvhk /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-nJZn4t0S58K5MJ/2BOmgkTC8TtBWB76ykEKIIzb8sUxT3h7ouZH5Ucqnr9MJ6Bry /es/languages/diff.js
sha384-OIJrZgyhN1E6e29B9M3gFPtkR5JgXpls8h5D2bNzBxQ8Ncwxzfjedu3/0jZEe7S9 /es/languages/diff.min.js
sha384-WFJdA9Hz+G9NQx5vPba/tcGyIibm57UkKVY32wNB/94iT2FmPma5W7gY8p2l6qps /es/languages/java.js
sha384-coaxfgI2lKuDqSxfMlfyPq5WM0THaLGyATZHzaFMrWdIbPcLdduuItTe6AmT/m33 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-bWwkdmOCj83zZ8/m+oPD9goRMhrPCb25ZA6aTyg7vcsq9IpuyED38kQSw1Na4UTZ /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-SqGSUq0DMQ0OUQnQnTuVDCJyhANd/MFNj+0PF67S+VXgHpR8A4tPsf/3GoSFRmrx /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-TTDGPCrk8Dg2oW6NghGM5WJQPbi34BdYJj6yfsDiGXlM5os/SebXT6KzATp19rzo /es/languages/plaintext.js
sha384-XXx7wj9KPm08AyGoGzzFKZP2S7S+S5MbKMPnQcWUyhJ3EjHvLuctK/O1ioJnG2ef /es/languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-vs4jXytP3N3d5zRX15Fqc4u/kDI5jDr3PNYIvQ0mmmoU+o/yxJfu/+VYme6qIOa2 /es/languages/ruby.js
sha384-O4a+vELXT191NhKLE3TR5WQwDmQZ2izAhb2zETRxcPSXr6CJruqJ4a+GJpDlaqCF /es/languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-CS3qiWid6Sod3yAiQwgPzy2ZerR00u/cwhnMxQrETuI74o006r1p5qj1U9Gdo4uD /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-HHgazax8ozQ9RDWlJQyaFzaTk/OgTFRVHH+lcaYInkE8wVu5fnpkqkB3KUdzKcvE /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-J4Ge+xXjXgzbK2FP+OyzIGHLfKU/RR0+cH4JJCaczeLETtVIvJdvqfikWlDuQ66e /languages/cpp.js
sha384-LMyrRAiUz6we2SGvYrwDd4TJoJZ+m/5c+4n4E64KVkfWFcZdlrs4Wabr0crMesyy /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-8sbRwiU8Ar2M7+w//1u7YiI1e7KsmB4k3QbW/m1IW5FVH51HiOpR7g5QGE3RqTNi /languages/csharp.js
sha384-wWP4JQEhRVshehTP7lUMDn3yhDI2+398vN2QW5LBt1xIpK0Gfu4dPviO8tP9XRo5 /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-d6WNn2kPYgdezhgRmGehSkGVKwbg+ImJrGTA43yYg8VsBqYW5TakSDi/jbVjzqfD /languages/diff.js
sha384-yE0kUv4eZRBzwnxh0XmeqImGvOLywSpOZq2m0IH40+vBtkjS716NYEZyoacZVEra /languages/diff.min.js
sha384-pYIeBYeCE96U9EkPcT4uJjNWyrB1BKB41JIadYJbvmGa5KacaoXtSQOUpBfeyWQX /languages/java.js
sha384-uUg+ux8epe42611RSvEkMX2gvEkMdw+l6xG5Z/aQriABp38RLyF9MjDZtlTlMuQY /languages/java.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-U+zIQPoVdPCO0o4poik2hYNbHtNm+L5OojDTulgIeEZTNz+LooLAm72d66mNjwKD /languages/markdown.js
sha384-mCUujHHbWJEjcupTTfWOk9YR3YCYNHaA578+TTXUd4LPi7fGNuMQbysbl1pmcIGd /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-IHapUcPkNR+7JNsR+qYSVYGCE3Dpzo2//VYWtmGYrw3eQG1RItQ7HYq6aK1Jo/6L /languages/plaintext.js
sha384-ofjxHpechXkaeQipogSyH62tQNaqAwQiuUHOVi4BGFsX5/KectIoxz16f8J/P5U0 /languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-AE7f30oAuQtqmFee9hPd2uoo44ZkyUY2wQL7DjjENhh2wrvS6q4mpxGtAxeCxiRQ /languages/ruby.js
sha384-pFZpTUpdH4YEXSenc9hfKZ4uCv2IQoJQCIlIHpA0fM2cvTVH8LuzQMNcGSRGeJG0 /languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-yZXtQC/OmWoPykosK7vE1nCvV4E/six6+apjNau4JwBkejkea5nP7VBEJJkGnvoF /languages/typescript.js
sha384-ORwtVEfrCZ0gzGacgmfv1wOtxcPIaVfHKwq8dKQjObRwx3qpKjsSg1ldTu1PEgXd /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-zhlWxKRi2c+Eo/+jO74DHnGtfzJGkKT+hLlnIOynEbD/FW5GNstH8cjK1eKb7r0Z /highlight.js
sha384-Xs8qrjHi1p7Yv43eXM4GHGPUDNmwftjP++jCQhLClMXgLglHQEhLaRAqJFz/eOc7 /highlight.min.js
```

